# POJ 2151 Check the difficulty of problems
Time Limit: 2000MS	 	Memory Limit: 65536K
## Description

Organizing a programming contest is not an easy job. To avoid making the problems too difficult, the organizer usually expect the contest result satisfy the following two terms:
1. All of the teams solve at least one problem.
2. The champion (One of those teams that solve the most problems) solves at least a certain number of problems.
Now the organizer has studied out the contest problems, and through the result of preliminary contest, the organizer can estimate the probability that a certain team can successfully solve a certain problem.Given the number of contest problems M, the number of teams T, and the number of problems N that the organizer expect the champion solve at least. We also assume that team i solves problem j with the probability Pij (1 <= i <= T, 1<= j <= M). Well, can you calculate the probability that all of the teams solve at least one problem, and at the same time the champion team solves at least N problems?
## Input

The input consists of several test cases. The first line of each test case contains three integers M (0 < M <= 30), T (1 < T <= 1000) and N (0 < N <= M). Each of the following T lines contains M floating-point numbers in the range of [0,1]. In these T lines, the j-th number in the i-th line is just Pij. A test case of M = T = N = 0 indicates the end of input, and should not be processed.
## Output

For each test case, please output the answer in a separate line. The result should be rounded to three digits after the decimal point.
## Sample Input

2 2 2
0.9 0.9
1 0.9
0 0 0
## Sample Output

0.972
## Solve

题目大意：有T支队伍，M道题,冠军应最少做N道题，问每队最少做一题，冠军最少做N题的概率

概率DP+滚动优化

设dp[i][j][k]为第i队在j道题目时做出k道的概率

有如下递推：dp[i][j][k]=dp[i][j-1][k-1]*p[i][j]+(1-p[i][j])*dp[i][j-1][k]

所以第i队做出k1~k2题的概率是dp[i][M][k1]+dp[i][M][k1+1]+……+dp[i][M][k2]

因为每队情况独立，所以可以采用滚动数组去掉i

```cpp
#include<cstdio>
#include<cstring>
int M,T,N;
double p[1000+10][30+10],dp[30+10][30+10],sum[30+10];//d[i][j][k] i队在j题时做出K题的概率 sum[i][k] i队做出k道题的概率 滚动去i 
double P1,P2;//P1每队至少做出一题的概率，P2每队都没有做出N题的概率 
inline void solve_dp(){
	register int i,j,k;
	for(i=1;i<=T;i++){
		memset(dp,0,sizeof(dp)); memset(sum,0,sizeof(sum));
		dp[0][0]=1.0;
		for(j=1;j<=M;j++) 
			dp[j][0]=(1-p[i][j])*dp[j-1][0];
		for(j=1;j<=M;j++)
			for(k=1;k<=j;k++)
				dp[j][k]=dp[j-1][k-1]*p[i][j]+(1-p[i][j])*dp[j-1][k];
		sum[0]=dp[M][0];
		for(k=1;k<=M;k++) sum[k]=sum[k-1]+dp[M][k];//计算前缀和 
		P1*=(sum[M]-sum[0]);//该队至少做出一题的概率
		P2*=(sum[N-1]-sum[0]);//该队没有做出N题的概率
	}
}
int main(){
	while(scanf("%d%d%d",&M,&T,&N)==3){
		if(M==0&&T==0&&N==0) break;
		P1=1.0,P2=1.0;
		memset(p,0,sizeof(p));
		for(int i=1;i<=T;i++){
			for(int j=1;j<=M;j++){
				scanf("%lf",&p[i][j]);
			}
		}
		solve_dp();
		printf("%.3f\n",P1-P2);
	}
	return 0;
}
```